# CS-230-T4146
Final project for CS-230-T4146 -  Kenneth Belcher

During this eight week our client was the Gaming Room who wanted our help expanding their new game Draw It or Lose It similar to the television game Win, Lose, or Draw. The Gaming Ram wants us to facilitate the development of the web-based version of the gaming app which is currently only available on android. Each game must have the ability to have more than one team involved with more than one player. Each game and team must have a unique name, and only one instance of the game can exist in memory at any given time. 

Some of the things I did well in developing this document were the advantages and disadvantages when it comes to the client side, server side and tools. I was given some direction by coworkers and experience since this is a fiend I work in, and have some experience in. Not in game design, but the concept was there for some of my workers and the platform that I manage at work uses the same concept when developing applications for the platform once some of my coworkers helped break this down more for me. 
	
If I could pick one part of my document to revise, I would choose the recommendation section. I would improve on this section by giving more perspectives within the different areas within the recommendations section itself. 

The way I interpreted the user’s needs, I started by taking what was given to me by the Gaming Room and implementing a functional and operation code for the user. From there I prioritized what is the most effective way to execute the constraint within the environment. Handing one issue at a time. If you try to do all the constraints, or all the “pretty” work at once, you can find yourself fixing more errors and taking longer than writing small parts and getting a functional level of code. It is important to consider the client’s needs because, if you are not meeting those needs, goals, or expectations this could lead to production costs, time constraints, lower morale, business level trust issues. In the work I have done so far in my own career, clients like see the process even if it is not the “pretty” undressed work, they love see their ideas come to life, even if you are still in process and they saw the prior stage, and then the next stage and how far it has come. 
	
I approached designing the software by reading over the client’s constraints for the project. After assessing the constraints for the project and I applied the same level of work I do with how I would approach my other projects. I start small and work one part at a time. The techniques and strategies I would use in the future would be the same, I would continue to review the design constraints from the client I was working with, and I think maybe introduce a software design document, and then continue to work in small parts to achieve the design goal for the application. 
